Add option to configure a custom logo (#17)
appuio/component-openshift4-console: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/parameters.adoc

Entries with `null` values are skipped.
This allows users to remove links which were configured higher up in the hierarchy.

== `custom_logo`

[horizontal]
type:: dictionary
default:: `{}`

Add a custom logo to the console.
Takes a single key with the filename and the value is the base64 encoded logo.
The logo can be a file in any common image format, including GIF, JPG, PNG, or SVG, and is constrained to a max-height of 60px

> The filename needs to have a valid filename extension.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The filename needs to have a filename extension which matches the image format.
```
